# php-online-forum
This repository represents online forum where user can log in or sign up. Logged user can add new forum, new topic, new post or change/delete his own post only. If the user is not logged in, he can only browse the forum and read posts. User can also search forum regardless of whether he is logged or not. 
On index.php page, user can see a table with listed linked names of the forums (Sports, Politics etc.) with related stats for each forum- number of topics, posts date of the last post and who created it. Logged users have option of starting a new forum where they will be redirected to the page new_forum.php. Pagination is set to show three forums on each page. 
By clicking each forum name, user will be redirected to forum.php where he can see all the topics inside that forum with related stats- linked name of the topic, how many posts has it and date of the last one. Logged in users can start another topic by clicking Strat New Topic button and they will be redirected to new_topic.php where they can enter name of the topic and post the first comment on it. 
pagination si set to show three topics per page. 
By clicking each topic name, user will be rediracted to topic.php page where all posts for that particular topic will be displayed. Paginataion is set to show 5 comments per page. Logged users can change/delete only their own comments. 
Each user can Log in (login_form.php) or sign up (register.php). If they are already in the database, the script will check their credentials eneterd on login_form.php and, if they are matching, will redirect the user to index.php and display user's name in the navigation which is in template/header.php file. By clicking Sign up, user will be redirected to register page where he will be asked to enter name, last name, username, email and password in order to be a new user. If name and last name are not numberic and if email adress and username are not already used, he will be instered in the database and redirected to index.php with started session and his name will be displayed in navigation bar.
Both logged and not logged users can browse the webiste by entering keyword(s) in search filed. They will be redirected to search.php page where forums and topics related to the search will be displayed, if any. 
When user is logged in, there is a sign out button which will stop the session and redirect the user to index.php.
